[Music]
some people hear their own inner voices
with great clearness and they live by
what they hear such people become crazy
while they become legend
[Music]
this is my fiancee Susanna hello mother
so this is Tristan
his spirit had the strength to hold his
family together
to us all
but his destiny had the power to tear
them apart this is a turning point in
the history of the world don't talk to
me boys if I've never seen a war
[Music]
tell your toast to be a soldier and
soldiers die
you know you can't make her happy gonna
try you will fail you've been nothing
but trouble since you came to this house
they're a damn everybody around me as
well as myself
My dear boy you forever
[Music]
Brad Pitt Anthony Hopkins Aidan Quinn
Henry Thomas and Julia Ormond legends of
the fall
[Music]